Create ui-c8y-1022-20-0-make-dark-theme-available-on-tenants-using-the-default-branding-9771.md (#3641)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-20-0-make-dark-theme-available-on-tenants-using-the-default-branding-9771.md

---
date: ""

> title: make dark theme available on tenants using the default branding (#9771)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Dark theme available for tenants with default branding
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64153
version: 1022.20.0
---

> Co-authored-by: Tristan Bastian <tristan.bastian@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously [announced](/change-logs/#public-options-1-1-0-dark-theme-available-with-default-branding), a new version of the default branding will be rolled out to make the dark theme available for users.
By default, the light theme remains selected, but users can switch between themes via the right drawer.

Tenants having a customized branding will not be affected by this change.
If you would like to provide a dark theme as part of your custom branding, you can do so via the [branding manager](/enterprise-tenant/customization/#branding).

We highly recommend upgrading any web apps based on the Web SDK to version 1022.8.0 or higher for best compatibility and experience with the dark theme. 
```
